accelerate==1.10.0
    # via peft
aiofiles==24.1.0
    # via gradio
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.15
    # via fsspec
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.3
    # via omegaconf
anyio==4.10.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
async-timeout==5.0.1
    # via aiohttp
attrs==25.3.0
    # via aiohttp
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
clip==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
deepspeed==0.16.7
    # via -r requirements.in
diffsynth==1.1.7
easydict==1.13
    # via -r requirements.in
einops==0.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deepspeed
exceptiongroup==1.3.0
    # via anyio
fastapi==0.116.1
    # via gradio
ffmpy==0.6.1
    # via gradio
filelock==3.19.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2025.7.0
    # via
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch
gradio==5.25.2
    # via -r requirements.in
gradio-client==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
groovy==0.1.2
    # via gradio
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
hjson==3.1.0
    # via deepspeed
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   safehttpx
huggingface-hub==0.30.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   peft
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imageio==2.37.0
    # via scikit-image
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   torch
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via scikit-image
lightning==2.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
lightning-utilities==0.14.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
matplotlib
markdown-it-py==4.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   jinja2
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msgpack==1.1.1
    # via deepspeed
multidict==6.6.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   scikit-image
    #   torch
ninja==1.13.0
    # via deepspeed
numpy==2.2.6
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   deepspeed
    #   gradio
    #   imageio
    #   opencv-python
    #   pandas
    #   peft
    #   scikit-image
    #   scipy
    #   tifffile
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
omegaconf==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
opencv-python==4.12.0.88
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
orjson==3.11.2
    # via gradio
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   deepspeed
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lazy-loader
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   peft
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   scikit-image
    #   transformers
pandas==2.3.1
    # via gradio
peft==0.15.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
    #   imageio
    #   scikit-image
    #   torchvision
proglog==0.1.11
    # via -r requirements.in
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
protobuf==5.29.4
    # via -r requirements.in
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   deepspeed
    #   peft
py-cpuinfo==9.0.0
    # via deepspeed
pydantic==2.11.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deepspeed
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
pydantic-core==2.33.1
    # via pydantic
pydub==0.25.1
    # via gradio
pygments==2.19.2
    # via rich
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via pandas
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via gradio
pytorch-lightning==2.5.3
    # via lightning
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   gradio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   omegaconf
    #   peft
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   transformers
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
rich==14.1.0
    # via typer
ruff==0.12.9
    # via gradio
safehttpx==0.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   peft
    #   transformers
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via gradio
sentencepiece==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
simplejson==3.20.1
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
starlette==0.47.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
sympy==1.14.0
    # via torch
tifffile==2025.5.10
    # via scikit-image
tokenizers==0.20.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
tomlkit==0.13.3
    # via gradio
torch==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   deepspeed
    #   lightning
    #   peft
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchvision
torchmetrics
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deepspeed
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   peft
    #   proglog
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   transformers
transformers==4.46.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   peft
triton==3.4.0
    # via torch
typer==0.16.0
    # via gradio
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   aiosignal
    #   anyio
    #   exceptiongroup
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   multidict
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   starlette
    #   torch
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspection
    #   uvicorn
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.35.0
    # via gradio
websockets==15.0.1
    # via gradio-client
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.23.0
    # via importlib-metadata
